Added documentation on unit testing monolog (#10694)
symfony/symfony-docs: logging/monolog_console.rst

By default (normal verbosity level), warnings and higher will be shown. But in
:doc:`full verbosity mode </console/verbosity>`, all messages will be shown.

> .. _monolog-console-testing-commands:

Reviewer: This link is not referenced and can be removed

Testing Monolog in Commands

> ----------------

Reviewer: Underline is to short, it must match the length of the headline

> Symfony provides the tool :class:`Monolog\\Handler\\Testhandler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symfony provides the :class:`Monolog\\Handler\\Testhandler`
```

> class to test Monolog logging in Commands. First, add a method to get your logger property from your command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class to test Monolog's logging in commands. Start by adding a method to get your logger property from your command::
```

    use Psr\Log\LoggerInterface;
    use Symfony\Component\Console\Command\Command;
    use Symfony\Component\Console\Input\InputInterface;
    use Symfony\Component\Console\Output\OutputInterface;
    // ...

    class YourCommand extends Command
    {
        private $logger;

        //...
        /**
         * @return LoggerInterface
         */

>         public function getLogger()

Reviewer 2: I would use a constructor here

        {
            return $this->logger;
        }
    }

> Second, add the :class:`Monolog\\Handler\\Testhandler` inside monolog config::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards add the :class:`Monolog\\Handler\\Testhandler` class to your Monolog config::
```

.. configuration-block::

    .. code-block:: yaml

        # config/packages/test/monolog.yaml
        monolog:
            handlers:
                # ...
                console:

>                     type:   console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    type: console
```

                    process_psr_3_messages: false
                    channels: ['!event', '!doctrine', '!console']
                test:

>                     type:   test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    type: test
```

>                     level:  debug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    level: debug
```

    .. code-block:: xml

        <!-- config/packages/test/monolog.xml -->
        <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
        <container xmlns="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services"
            xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
            xmlns:monolog="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/monolog"
            xsi:schemaLocation="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services
                http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services/services-1.0.xsd">

            <monolog:config>
                <!-- ... -->

                <monolog:handler name="console" type="console" process-psr-3-messages="false">
                    <monolog:channels>
                        <monolog:channel>!event</monolog:channel>
                        <monolog:channel>!doctrine</monolog:channel>
                        <monolog:channel>!console</monolog:channel>
                    </monolog:channels>
                </monolog:handler>
                
                <monolog:handler name="test" type="test" level="debug" />
            </monolog:config>
        </container>

    .. code-block:: php

        // config/packages/test/monolog.php

>         $container->loadFromExtension('monolog', array(

Reviewer: Please use short array syntax for the code instead of `array()`

            'handlers' => array(
                'console' => array(
                   'type' => 'console',
                   'process_psr_3_messages' => false,
                   'channels' => array('!event', '!doctrine', '!console'),
                ),
                'test' => array(
                   'type' => 'test',
                   'level' => 'debug'
                ),
            ),
        ));

> Finally, access the :class:`Monolog\\Handler\\Testhandler` and validate the log output::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you access the :class:`Monolog\\Handler\\Testhandler` and validate the log output::
```

    // tests/Command/CreateUserCommandTest.php
    namespace App\Tests\Command;

    use App\Command\CreateUserCommand;
    use Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Console\Application;
    use Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Test\KernelTestCase;
    use Symfony\Component\Console\Tester\CommandTester;
    use Monolog\Handler\TestHandler;

    class CreateUserCommandTest extends KernelTestCase
    {
        public function testExecute()
        {
            $kernel = static::createKernel();
            $application = new Application($kernel);

            $command = $application->find('app:create-user');
            $commandTester = new CommandTester($command);
            $commandTester->execute(array(
                'command'  => $command->getName(),

                // pass arguments to the helper
                'username' => 'Wouter',

>                 // prefix the key with two dashes when passing options,

Reviewer: Can be removed

>                 // e.g: '--some-option' => 'option_value',

Reviewer: Can be removed

            ));
            

>             $logger = $command->getLogger();

Reviewer 2: From here it could be:
```php
$testLogs = self::$container->get(TestHandler::class);

$this->assertTrue($logs->hasRecordThatContains('Some info', Logger::DEBUG), 'ASSERT_ERROR_MESSAGE_1');
$this->assertTrue($logs->hasRecordThatContains('Some more info', Logger::NOTICE), 'ASSERT_ERROR_MESSAGE_2');
$this->assertFalse($logs->hasRecordThatContains('Command Success', Logger::INFO), 'ASSERT_ERROR_MESSAGE_3');
```
We should then target 4.4.
